README.md, before:

# CKANEXT-DIA

## What am I?

A simple CKAN extension to hold all overrides to CKAN required by the DIA (Department
of Internal Affairs).

## How to install?

It is expected that you will have these other CKAN extensions installed:

- ckanext-spatial
- ckanext-dcat
- ckanext-harvester

You can use `pip` to install this plugin into your virtual environment:

```
pip install -e 'https://github.com/data-govt-nz/ckanext-dia.git#egg=ckanext-dia==0.0.1'
```

## Manual Testing for Harvesting Modifications

When working on the dcat.json or CSW harvesting extensions you often need to load testing data, you can use the following paster command to re-harvest an existing dataset:

```shell
docker-compose run --service-ports ckan-fetch ckan-paster --plugin=ckanext-harvest harvester import -p 'reefton-goldfield-sheet-12-part-of-waitahu-survey-district-and-pohaturoa-survey-district-field-1'
```

where `reefton-goldfield...` is the dataset id in the url, this may also look like a guid, both will work.

## How to activate plugins?

All plugins need to be added to `ckan.plugins` in your config file. Available
plugins are:

- `diavalidation` -- Exposes extra validators, such as `natural_num_or_missing`
- `diaschema` -- DIA-related changes to CKAN schema
- `diaactions` -- Disables the use of caching for showing packages
- `diaharvester` -- Overrides for the CSW harvester, needs to be enabled before `csw_harvester`
- `diadcatjsonharvester` -- Overrides for the DCAT JSON harvester, needs to be enabled instead of `dcat_json_harvester`
- `dianohomepage` -- Redirect the CKAN homepage to `/dataset`
- `diacommands` -- Provides cli commands (only needed on ckan >= 2.9)

## Commands

This extension currently provides a cli command to clean up the datastore database.
Resources are not deleted when re-harvesting. This command deletes the old resources that
are no longer referenced.

```bash
# ckan >= 2.9
ckan -c /PATH_TO_YOUR_INI_FILE/FILENAME.ini dia cleanup-datastore

# ckan < 2.9
paster --plugin=ckanext-dia admin cleanup_datastore -c /PATH_TO_YOUR_INI_FILE/FILENAME.ini
```

Note: That if your default_datastore is very large this may time out and need
to be restarted. Also although it deletes the resource's tables from the
datastore_default it does not delete entries from archival, resource,
resource_revision and resource_view.
It also failed on the first run to delete some resources but they were deleted on subsequent runs.

Thanks @opendata-swiss who wrote the command at https://github.com/opendata-swiss/ckanext-switzerland

Commit message:

Update dependencies for six project

README.md, after:

# CKANEXT-DIA

## What am I?

A simple CKAN extension to hold all overrides to CKAN required by the DIA (Department
of Internal Affairs).

## How to install?

It is expected that you will have these other CKAN extensions installed:

- ckanext-spatial
- ckanext-dcat
- ckanext-harvester

You can use `pip` to install this plugin into your virtual environment:

```
pip install -e 'https://github.com/data-govt-nz/ckanext-dia.git#egg=ckanext-dia==1.0.0'
```

You can also install the specific dependencies using the appropriate requirements.txt file for your version of Python.

## Manual Testing for Harvesting Modifications

When working on the dcat.json or CSW harvesting extensions you often need to load testing data, you can use the following paster command to re-harvest an existing dataset:

```shell
docker-compose run --service-ports ckan-fetch ckan-paster --plugin=ckanext-harvest harvester import -p 'reefton-goldfield-sheet-12-part-of-waitahu-survey-district-and-pohaturoa-survey-district-field-1'
```

where `reefton-goldfield...` is the dataset id in the url, this may also look like a guid, both will work.

## How to activate plugins?

All plugins need to be added to `ckan.plugins` in your config file. Available
plugins are:

- `diavalidation` -- Exposes extra validators, such as `natural_num_or_missing`
- `diaschema` -- DIA-related changes to CKAN schema
- `diaactions` -- Disables the use of caching for showing packages
- `diaharvester` -- Overrides for the CSW harvester, needs to be enabled before `csw_harvester`
- `diadcatjsonharvester` -- Overrides for the DCAT JSON harvester, needs to be enabled instead of `dcat_json_harvester`
- `dianohomepage` -- Redirect the CKAN homepage to `/dataset`
- `diacommands` -- Provides cli commands (only needed on ckan >= 2.9)

## Commands

This extension currently provides a cli command to clean up the datastore database.
Resources are not deleted when re-harvesting. This command deletes the old resources that
are no longer referenced.

```bash
# ckan >= 2.9
ckan -c /PATH_TO_YOUR_INI_FILE/FILENAME.ini dia cleanup-datastore

# ckan < 2.9
paster --plugin=ckanext-dia admin cleanup_datastore -c /PATH_TO_YOUR_INI_FILE/FILENAME.ini
```

Note: That if your default_datastore is very large this may time out and need
to be restarted. Also although it deletes the resource's tables from the
datastore_default it does not delete entries from archival, resource,
resource_revision and resource_view.
It also failed on the first run to delete some resources but they were deleted on subsequent runs.

Thanks @opendata-swiss who wrote the command at https://github.com/opendata-swiss/ckanext-switzerland
